# CodeFactory for Visual Studio Runtime: Version 1.22320.0.1

## Overview 
This release of the runtime integrates SDK changes, fixes, and minor enhancements to the runtime extension itself.

## SDK Updates
Have implemented all SDK updates in SDK release [1.22320.1](../sdk/1.22320.1.md)

## Fixes
The following is the fixes that were implemented as part of the runtime release.

### Field Model Fixes
The field models were not propertly injecting code before and after the field definition. Now the **AddBefore**, **Replace**, and **AddAfter** work correctly.

### Event Model Fixes
The event models were not propertly injecting code before and after the event definition. Now the **AddBefore**, **Replace**, and **AddAfter** work correctly.

### Enum Fixes
The enum models were not propertly injecting code before and after the enum definition. Now the **AddBefore**, **Replace**, and **AddAfter** work correctly.

### Enum Values Fixes
The enum value models were not propertly injecting code before and after the enum value definition. Now the **AddBefore**, **Replace**, and **AddAfter** work correctly.

### Partial File Source Injection Fixes
Member updates in partial files were not updating correctly due to being in a seperate file then what the model was originially generarted from. This has been fixed to correctly inject into the target file the member model was located in. 

### Parial File XML Documentation Fixes
The Rosyln compiler stacks the definition of XML documentation if container level objects **Class**, **Interface**, and **Structures** have xml documentation assigned in each file. CodeFactory will now correctly return XML documentation from the target file the model was genrated from. 

### XML Direct Documentation Fix
CodeFactory no longer uses the Rosyln version of XML documentation at the symbol level. We now go directly to the documentation syntax to pull the documentation. This takes care of potential stacking issues observed in partial implementations. 

## Template Updates
The following visual studio template updates were added in this release.

### Add Member Example Project
CodeFactory has added a complete end to end example for how to add missing members from an interface to a class implementation. This includes full inline documentation on a line by line basis to help people understand how CodeFactory works.

This includes the following.
- Adds **Microsoft.Extensions.Logging** using statement to the target class if it does not exist.
- Adds a ILogger **_logger** field to the target class if it does not exist. 
- Adds a Constructor to the class if a constructor does not exist and passes the **logger** parameter to the constructor.
- Builds all missing members into the class.
- On methods will implement **async** keyword if a task return type is defined.
- On methods will implement null and string based bounds checking on parameters if they do not have a default value.
- On methods will implement entry and exit logging on all enter and exit points
- On methods added exception handling support and logging exceptions as they occur. 


### Flattend Folder Structure

## Runtime Enhancements

### Added Getting Started to Extension

### Added Guidance to Extension

### Added Examples to Extension

### License Registration Updates

### SDK Version Checking





